Feature/cdh 10 16 release (#747)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/datahub/working-with-datahub-bundle/configuring-offloading-jobs.md

In the offloading preview you can inspect how the actual data will be stored in the data lake. For this purpose, an offloading preview is executed, returning a sample of the resulting data. The header row of the sample data incorporates the column name as well as the column type. Use **Hide time columns** to either show the default columns with a temporal notion or not. Note that the preview does not persist data to the data lake.

**Offloading frequency**

> Per default each active offloading pipeline is executed once an hour, at the same minute. You can adapt the offloading frequency by setting in the drop-down box the hours per day at which the offloading will to be executed. As with the default setting, the exact minute of the hour for the execution is selected by the system. The hours are defined with respect to UTC as timezone. You have to select at least one hour; otherwise the configuration cannot be saved.

Author: Done

When view materialization is activated, additional data is stored in the data lake, which might affect your storage costs.
{{< /c8y-admon-info >}}

**Duplicate column names**

> Another setting, which applies only for the measurements collection, is the handling of duplicate column names. During offloading measurement values are transformed into a relational format. Corresponding column names of measurement values are constructed by concatenating path and unit/value. This may lead to columns having the same name except for their case. Then the entries would all be offloaded into the same column. As this may be an unwanted behaviour or even imply mixed types in the offloading process, the names can be sanitized. When activated, for each generated column name, which would be equal to another column name in terms of case-insensitivity, a new column will be created, whose name includes the originally derived name plus a unique suffix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another setting, which applies only for the measurements collection, is the handling of duplicate column names. During offloading, measurement values are transformed into a relational format. Corresponding column names of measurement values are constructed by concatenating path and unit/value. This may lead to columns having the same name except for their case. Then the entries would all be offloaded into the same column. As this may be an unwanted behaviour or even imply mixed types in the offloading process, the names can be sanitized. When activated, for each generated column name, which would be equal to another column name in terms of case-insensitivity, a new column will be created, whose name includes the originally derived name plus a unique suffix.
```

Author: Done

The following two example documents from two different offloading runs would be processed as follows.

First document:
````json
{
    "id": "4711",
    ...
    "time": {
      "date": "2020-03-19T00:00:00.000Z",
      "offset": 0
    },
    "type": "c8y_Temperature",
    "_seriesValueFragments": [{
      "unit": "C",
      "value": 17.3,
      "path": "c8y_TemperatureMeasurement.T"
    }]
}
````

Second document:
````json
{
    "id": "4711",
    ...
    "time": {
      "date": "2020-03-20T00:00:00.000Z",
      "offset": 0
    },
    "type": "c8y_Temperature",
    "_seriesValueFragments": [{
      "unit": "C",
      "value": "NaN",
      "path": "c8y_temperaturemeasurement.T"
    }]
}
````

> The two paths *c8y_TemperatureMeasurement.T* and *c8y_temperaturemeasurement.T* are equal in terms of case-insensitivity. Without name sanitization, one column *c8y_TemperatureMeasurement.T.unit* will be created, which stores all unit entries. Analoguously, one column *c8y_TemperatureMeasurement.T.value* will be created, which stores all value entries. In the latter case, the column would have a mixed type of DOUBLE and VARCHAR.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The two paths *c8y_TemperatureMeasurement.T* and *c8y_temperaturemeasurement.T* are equal in terms of case-insensitivity. Without name sanitation, only the column *c8y_TemperatureMeasurement.T.unit* will be created to store all unit entries. Analogously, one column *c8y_TemperatureMeasurement.T.value* will be created, which stores all value entries. In the latter case, the column would have a mixed type of DOUBLE and VARCHAR.
```

Reviewer 2: @cheinz-sag What does "name sanitation" refer to?

This section (as well as below) sounds quite complicated.

Author: Done... This section is indeed complicated as this is an advanced setting with subtle flavors.

> With name sanitization, two columns *c8y_TemperatureMeasurement.T.unit* and *c8y_temperaturemeasurement.T.unit_6bfa* will be created for unit entries. Then the unit entries will be stored in the column with the associated path. Analoguously, two columns *c8y_TemperatureMeasurement.T.value* and *c8y_temperaturemeasurement.T.value_490d* will be created for value entries.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With name sanitation, two columns *c8y_TemperatureMeasurement.T.unit* and *c8y_temperaturemeasurement.T.unit_6bfa* will be created for unit entries. The unit entries will then be stored in the column with the associated path. Analogously, two columns *c8y_TemperatureMeasurement.T.value* and *c8y_temperaturemeasurement.T.value_490d* will be created for value entries.
```

Author: Done

> In case one offloading run processes multiple fragments with corresponding column names being equal with respect to case-insensitivity, the sanitization also generates distinct column names, with each name having a unique suffix.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the first case an offloading run processes multiple fragments with the corresponding column names being equal with respect to case-insensitivity, the sanitation also generates distinct column names, with each name having a unique suffix.
```

> **Completion of offloading configuration**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Completing the offloading configuration**
```

Author: Done
